Hi, and let me hand you the last exercise for the course. So this is a question for exercise 100.
For this exercise please create a web app with Flask that lets users submit a username and password
through the web page of the of the web app and so
This app checks each user name exist and if the password satisfies three conditions as in exercise 81,
so you're going to have to use this code, exactly this code to implement it to a web app.
As you remember this solution was checking for a user name if it existed like Pluto exists.
But this doesn't exist.
And this password would be fine.
So users.txt has some existing usernames
and so,
here is now how this web app should look like.
So it's running on the browser, go to the browser.
Localhost 5000.
This is the web app.
Again the web apps should check the users.txt file for usernames.
Let's say I'm entering Pluto again and password 8U which is a good password, but this is saying username
exists so you have to enter username again, a username and a new password again.
So if I enter a username that doesn't exist in the file let's say me, and let me put a password.
But this is not valid.
If I say submit this will tell me to check my password.
So for the last time if I enter a valid username and a valid passport with numbers and big letters, and I
press submit, this will say success and then of course you you may want to render these text boxes again so that
the users if they want to enter, to submit data again
they can do it.
Yeah this is the web application how it looks like.
I hope you solve this.
Thanks a lot for taking this course and I hope you solved as many exercise as possible.
And yeah, thanks a lot!